Update webinar page with new listings (#3485)
pulumi/docs: content/webinars/spinnaker-live-2020-06-18/index.md

---
# Name of the webinar.
title: "Spinnaker Live"

> meta_desc: "In this talk, Dan and Praneet will go over how the Pulumi plugin for spinnaker works and example use cases."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "Dan and Praneet will demonstrate how Pulumi works with Spinnaker to enable cloud-native continuous delivery for infrastructure along with your applications."
```

> meta_desc: "Dan and Praneet will demonstrate how Pulumi works with Spinnaker to enable cloud-native continuous delivery for infrastructure along with your applications."

Author: 👍
